the word of the Lord came to me again
the word of the Lord came to me again saying son of man prophesy and say thus
saying son of man prophesy and say thus
saying son of man prophesy and say thus says the Lord God whale woe to the day
says the Lord God whale woe to the day
says the Lord God whale woe to the day for the day is near even the day of the
for the day is near even the day of the
for the day is near even the day of the Lord is near it will be a day of clouds
Lord is near it will be a day of clouds
Lord is near it will be a day of clouds the time of the Gentiles the sword shall
the time of the Gentiles the sword shall
the time of the Gentiles the sword shall come upon Egypt and great anguish shall
come upon Egypt and great anguish shall
come upon Egypt and great anguish shall be in Ethiopia when the slain fall in
be in Ethiopia when the slain fall in
be in Ethiopia when the slain fall in Egypt and they take away her wealth and
Egypt and they take away her wealth and
Egypt and they take away her wealth and her foundations are broken down ethiopia
her foundations are broken down ethiopia
her foundations are broken down ethiopia libya lydia all the mingled people cub
libya lydia all the mingled people cub
libya lydia all the mingled people cub and the men of the lands who are allied
and the men of the lands who are allied
and the men of the lands who are allied shall fall with them by the song those
shall fall with them by the song those
shall fall with them by the song those who uphold Egypt shall fall and the
who uphold Egypt shall fall and the
who uphold Egypt shall fall and the pride of her power shall come down from
pride of her power shall come down from
pride of her power shall come down from Migdal to say Nene those within her
Migdal to say Nene those within her
Migdal to say Nene those within her shall fall by the sword they shall be
shall fall by the sword they shall be
shall fall by the sword they shall be desolate in the midst of the desolate
desolate in the midst of the desolate
desolate in the midst of the desolate countries and earth cities shall be in
countries and earth cities shall be in
countries and earth cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are laid
the midst of the cities that are laid
the midst of the cities that are laid waste then they will know that I am the
waste then they will know that I am the
waste then they will know that I am the Lord when I have set a fire in Egypt and
Lord when I have set a fire in Egypt and
Lord when I have set a fire in Egypt and all her helpers are destroyed on that
all her helpers are destroyed on that
all her helpers are destroyed on that day messenger shall go forth from me and
day messenger shall go forth from me and
day messenger shall go forth from me and ships to make the careless Ethiopians
ships to make the careless Ethiopians
ships to make the careless Ethiopians afraid and great anguish shall come upon
afraid and great anguish shall come upon
afraid and great anguish shall come upon them as on the day of Egypt for indeed
them as on the day of Egypt for indeed
them as on the day of Egypt for indeed it is coming
it is coming
it is coming [Music]
[Music]
[Music] thus says the Lord God I will also make
thus says the Lord God I will also make
thus says the Lord God I will also make a multitude of Egypt to cease by the
a multitude of Egypt to cease by the
a multitude of Egypt to cease by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon he and his people with him the most
he and his people with him the most
he and his people with him the most terrible of the nations shall be brought
terrible of the nations shall be brought
terrible of the nations shall be brought to destroy the land they shall draw
to destroy the land they shall draw
to destroy the land they shall draw their swords against Egypt and fill the
their swords against Egypt and fill the
their swords against Egypt and fill the land with the slave I will make the
land with the slave I will make the
land with the slave I will make the rivers dry and sell the land into the
rivers dry and sell the land into the
rivers dry and sell the land into the hand of the wicked I will make the land
hand of the wicked I will make the land
hand of the wicked I will make the land waste and all that is in it by the hand
waste and all that is in it by the hand
waste and all that is in it by the hand of aliens I the LORD have spoken thus
of aliens I the LORD have spoken thus
of aliens I the LORD have spoken thus says the Lord God I will also destroy
says the Lord God I will also destroy
says the Lord God I will also destroy the idols and caused the images to cease
the idols and caused the images to cease
the idols and caused the images to cease from north there shall no longer be
from north there shall no longer be
from north there shall no longer be Prince's from the land of Egypt I will
Prince's from the land of Egypt I will
Prince's from the land of Egypt I will put fear in the land of Egypt I will
put fear in the land of Egypt I will
put fear in the land of Egypt I will make Petrus desolate set fire to Zorn
make Petrus desolate set fire to Zorn
make Petrus desolate set fire to Zorn and execute judgments in no I will pour
and execute judgments in no I will pour
and execute judgments in no I will pour my fury on sin the strength of Egypt I
my fury on sin the strength of Egypt I
my fury on sin the strength of Egypt I will cut off the multitude of no and set
will cut off the multitude of no and set
will cut off the multitude of no and set afire in Egypt sin shall have great pain
afire in Egypt sin shall have great pain
afire in Egypt sin shall have great pain No shall be split open and nothing shall
No shall be split open and nothing shall
No shall be split open and nothing shall be in distress daily the young men of
be in distress daily the young men of
be in distress daily the young men of Aven and pie be Sethe shall fall by the
Aven and pie be Sethe shall fall by the
Aven and pie be Sethe shall fall by the sword and these cities shall go into
sword and these cities shall go into
sword and these cities shall go into captivity after Haffner he's the day
captivity after Haffner he's the day
captivity after Haffner he's the day shall also be darkened when I break the
shall also be darkened when I break the
shall also be darkened when I break the yolks of Egypt there and her arrogant
yolks of Egypt there and her arrogant
yolks of Egypt there and her arrogant strength shall cease in her as for her a
strength shall cease in her as for her a
strength shall cease in her as for her a cloud shall cover her and her daughters
cloud shall cover her and her daughters
cloud shall cover her and her daughters shall go into captivity thus I will
shall go into captivity thus I will
shall go into captivity thus I will execute judgments on Egypt then they
execute judgments on Egypt then they
execute judgments on Egypt then they shall know that I am the Lord and it
shall know that I am the Lord and it
shall know that I am the Lord and it came to pass in the eleventh year in the
came to pass in the eleventh year in the
came to pass in the eleventh year in the first month
first month
first month on the seventh day of the month that the
on the seventh day of the month that the
on the seventh day of the month that the word of the Lord came to me saying son
word of the Lord came to me saying son
word of the Lord came to me saying son of man I have broken the arm of Pharaoh
of man I have broken the arm of Pharaoh
of man I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt and see it has not been
king of Egypt and see it has not been
king of Egypt and see it has not been bandaged for healing nor a split put on
bandaged for healing nor a split put on
bandaged for healing nor a split put on to bind it to make it strong enough to
to bind it to make it strong enough to
to bind it to make it strong enough to hold a sword therefore thus says the
hold a sword therefore thus says the
hold a sword therefore thus says the Lord God surely I am against Pharaoh
Lord God surely I am against Pharaoh
Lord God surely I am against Pharaoh king of Egypt and will break his arms
king of Egypt and will break his arms
king of Egypt and will break his arms both the strong one and the one that was
both the strong one and the one that was
both the strong one and the one that was broken and I will make the sword fall
broken and I will make the sword fall
broken and I will make the sword fall out of his hand I will scatter the
out of his hand I will scatter the
out of his hand I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations and disperse
Egyptians among the nations and disperse
Egyptians among the nations and disperse them throughout the countries I was
them throughout the countries I was
them throughout the countries I was strengthen the arms of the king of
strengthen the arms of the king of
strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon and put my sword in his hand but
Babylon and put my sword in his hand but
Babylon and put my sword in his hand but I will break Pharaoh's arms and he will
I will break Pharaoh's arms and he will
I will break Pharaoh's arms and he will groan before him with the groanings of a
groan before him with the groanings of a
groan before him with the groanings of a mortally wounded man thus I will
mortally wounded man thus I will
mortally wounded man thus I will strengthen the arms of the king of
strengthen the arms of the king of
strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon but the arms of Pharaoh shall
Babylon but the arms of Pharaoh shall
Babylon but the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down they shall know that I am the
fall down they shall know that I am the
fall down they shall know that I am the Lord when I put my sword into the hand
Lord when I put my sword into the hand
Lord when I put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon and he stretches
of the king of Babylon and he stretches
of the king of Babylon and he stretches it out against the land of Egypt I will
it out against the land of Egypt I will
it out against the land of Egypt I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations
scatter the Egyptians among the nations
scatter the Egyptians among the nations and disperse them throughout the
and disperse them throughout the
and disperse them throughout the countries then they shall know that I am